                                                     

                                                                         MR.Klutz Is Nut!

                                 	I think that this book is interesting and I like it because Mr.Klutz (is the principal of yhe school) 
                                 gave the kid deal like if they read one million books then he will turn gym in to vedea game place 
                                 and kiss a pig on it lip. If the kid did one million math problem Mr.Klutz will gave them choclate party.
                                
                                  
                                 	The interesting part in the book is that every time Mr.klutz gave the kid a deal, the kid always
                                 made it and Mr.Klutz gave more deal like if they do that, I will paint my head orange, if you do that,I
                                 will climb the flagpole in front of the school and recite the pledge of allegiance when I get to the top.  
                                 

                                 	At the first, A.J and his friend like Mr.Klutz deal, but at last, they start to worried about 
                                 Mr.Klutz that maybe he just want people to like him to do the dangerous thing. So they tell Mr.Klutz to 
                                 not jump out of the airplane if they read one hundred thousand books with parents durnig winter breaks. 
                                 So Mr.Klutz chang it to if read one hundred thousand books with parent durning winter than you guys
                                 will get a trip to water wrold.
                                 

                                   	This book is about (themes) the crazy prinsipal who is making many deal with the students and 
                                 many crazy consequences with th deal


                                 	After all, A.j and the whole read one hundred thousand book with thier parents durning winter
                                 time So as the deal says, they get to go to the water wrold and they have fun in there. They get to 
                                 bounce in the bouncest boucer called moon bounce and eat alot of junk food. It was the greatest day
                                 of thier life.
                                     